Cheng Jiarong
I 100,000 soldier
Platinum soldiers have been surrounded
Shi Yun is also far away now
No way out
But you must be my sister
I don't want to kill each other with you
as
voluntary abdication
I will ensure that you will be prosperous and prosperous for the rest of your life
Brother, why are you doing this?
Hahahaha
Why is this all for the world of my Xuan Kingdom?
From small to large
You left the limelight with the help of Shi Yun
Received the favor of the father
Years of my hard work have been in vain
But I am the eldest son of the royal family
The throne should be mine
Chen Shuyun, if you want this throne, I will interview you
Your collusion with the enemy country becomes a traitor
The royal family of the country does not allow traitors like you
Sister, why do you need this?
Now the whole Platinum Gong is mine
You have no chance of winning
Xiaoyao, let me tell you
No, it's brother.
everyone
This is the last photo of the late emperor
Back then, the late emperor remembered the ability of the county lord of his family to rule the country
Make him king
He will keep my Xuan Kingdom alive forever
You have given me your last photo
If one day
He is not worthy of the position
Kodiqi Brothers
The eldest son of the royal family
His Royal Highness the Happy King
That's impossible.
It is absolutely impossible for the father to leave this kind of evidence
Chen Jiarong uses Zhanhua in his mind
All delivered to Shiyun
I study to rule for the immortal emperor's will for the queen
Lixin Emperor